Add Lambda cold start latency docs (#5956)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/guides/traffic_management/destination_types/aws_lambda/eks-service-accounts.md

"ABC"* Closing connection 0
```

> ## Lambda Cold Start Notes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Preparing for Lambda cold starts
```

> AWS Lambda functions often exhibit significant latencies for the initial invocations of new function instances. From an [AWS blog](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/compute/operating-lambda-performance-optimization-part-1): "According to an analysis of production Lambda workloads, cold starts typically occur in under 1% of invocations. The duration of a cold start varies from under 100 ms to over 1 second." This is especially true for functions written in languages with lengthy initial VM start-up times, like Java.

Reviewer: I'm not sure about directly quoting their blog. Maybe we rephrase it a bit:
```suggestion
When you invoke a new function in AWS Lambda, you might notice significant latency, or a cold start, as Lambda downloads your code and prepares the execution environment. The latency can vary from under 100 ms to more than 1 second.  The chances of a cold start increase if you write the function in a programming language that takes a long time to start up a VM, such as Java. For more information, see the [AWS blog](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/compute/operating-lambda-performance-optimization-part-1).
```

> Failing to account for lengthy cold starts like this may result in `50x` Server Errors if your Virtual Services do not provide adequate timeout values. The following `options` example on a VirtualService allows for a total 35-second timeout window (default is 15 seconds), in which up to three requests with 10-second timeouts will be attempted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep in mind cold start latency as you prepare the timeout values of your Virtual Services. If you do not, you might notice `500`-level server error responses. The following `options` example for a VirtualService allows for a total 35-second timeout window (default is 15 seconds), in which up to three requests with 10-second timeouts will be attempted.
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```yaml
```

      options:
        timeout: 35s  # default value is 15s
        retries:
          retryOn: '5xx'
          numRetries: 3
          perTryTimeout: '10s'
```

> More details on the APIs that control these timeout and retry settings are available [here](https://docs.solo.io/gloo-edge/latest/reference/api/envoy/api/v2/route/route.proto.sk/#retrypolicy).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about controlling timeout and retry settings, see the [API documentation](https://docs.solo.io/gloo-edge/latest/reference/api/envoy/api/v2/route/route.proto.sk/#retrypolicy).
```
